[REVIEW] Add tfidf bm25 (#2353)
rapidsai/raft: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Reviewer: I was tagged for a CI/packaging review because of the changes in this file and `CONTRIBUTING.md`. Can we isolate those changes into a separate PR?

Author: reverted both changes.

   features or make changes out of the scope of those requested by the reviewer
   (doing this just add delays as already reviewed code ends up having to be
   re-reviewed/it is hard to tell what is new etc!). Further, please do not

>    rebase your branch on main/force push/rewrite history, doing any of these

Reviewer: We really use branch names like `branch-24.08`. If we want to change this, we should just remove the specific branch names.
```suggestion
   rebase your branch/force push/rewrite history, doing any of these
```

   causes the context of any comments made by reviewers to be lost. If

>    conflicts occur against main they should be resolved by merging main

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   conflicts occur they should be resolved by merging the target branch
```
